README.md, before:

#  Turbonomic Gitops terraform module
![Verify and release module](https://github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-turbonomic/workflows/Verify%20and%20release%20module/badge.svg)

Deploys Turbonomic operator into the cluster and creates an instance. By default, the kubeturbo probe is also installed into the cluster along with the OpenShift ingress.  Other probes to deploy can be specified in the probes variable, by default it will deploy:  turboprobe, openshift ingress, and instana.  The namespace to deploy within the cluster is defined in the variables, default is Turbonomic.  Also note if deploying on mzr cluster you'll need the custom storage created, default is true to create this automatically, if not mzr you can set to false and use another storage class you'd like.

If the operator is unable to pull the image due to a docker rate limit error from your cluster, then set a docker pull secret and pass the name of the pull secret in the `pullsecret_name` variable.

### Supported Component Selector Probe Types 
Use these names in the `probes` variable to define additional probes as needed for your environment:
```
"kubeturbo","instana","openshiftingress", "aws", "azure", "prometheus", "servicenow", "tomcat", "jvm", "websphere", "weblogic"
```
## Supported platforms

- OCP 4.6+

## Module dependencies

The module uses the following elements

### Environment

- kubectl - used to apply the yaml to create the route

## Suggested companion modules

The module itself requires some information from the cluster and needs a
namespace to be created. The following companion
modules can help provide the required information:

- Gitops - github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-tools-gitops
- Namespace - github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-cluster-namespace
- StorageClass - github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-storageclass


## Example usage

```hcl-terraform
module "turbonomic" {
  source = "github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-turbonomic"

  gitops_config = module.gitops.gitops_config
  git_credentials = module.gitops.git_credentials
  server_name = module.gitops.server_name
  namespace = module.gitops_turbo_namespace.name
  storage_class_name = module.gitops_storageclass.storage_name
}
```

Commit message:

Add cleanup and doc (#15)
* add ocp ingress

* add cleanup script and instructions

* add prereqs

README.md, after:

#  Turbonomic Gitops terraform module
![Verify and release module](https://github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-turbonomic/workflows/Verify%20and%20release%20module/badge.svg)

Deploys the latest Turbonomic operator into the cluster. By default, the kubeturbo probe is also installed into the cluster along with the OpenShift ingress.  Other probes to deploy can be specified in the probes variable, by default it will deploy:  turboprobe, openshift ingress, and instana.  The namespace to deploy within the cluster is defined in the variables, default is Turbonomic.  Also note if deploying on mzr cluster you'll need the custom storage created, default is true to create this automatically, if not mzr you can set to false and use another storage class you'd like.

If the operator is unable to pull the image due to a docker rate limit error from your cluster, then set a docker pull secret and pass the name of the pull secret in the `pullsecret_name` variable.

### Supported Component Selector Probe Types 
Use these names in the `probes` variable to define additional probes as needed for your environment:
```
"kubeturbo","instana","openshiftingress", "aws", "azure", "prometheus", "servicenow", "tomcat", "jvm", "websphere", "weblogic"
```
## Supported platforms

- OCP 4.6+

### General Prerequisites

- OpenShift Cluster
- ArgoCD, OpenShift Gitops, OpenShift Pipelines deployed
- Git Repository / token with repo create/destory permission

## Module dependencies

The module uses the following elements

### Environment

- kubectl - used to apply the yaml to create the route

## Suggested companion modules

The module itself requires some information from the cluster and needs a
namespace to be created. The following companion
modules can help provide the required information:

- Gitops - github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-tools-gitops
- Namespace - github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-cluster-namespace
- StorageClass (for IBM Cloud installs)- github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-storageclass


## Example usage

```hcl-terraform
module "turbonomic" {
  source = "github.com/cloud-native-toolkit/terraform-gitops-ocp-turbonomic"

  gitops_config = module.gitops.gitops_config
  git_credentials = module.gitops.git_credentials
  server_name = module.gitops.server_name
  namespace = module.gitops_turbo_namespace.name
  storage_class_name = module.gitops_storageclass.storage_name
}
```

## Cleanup

Note:  Some items may not be completely removed by simply uninstalling the operator and instance.  For this a cleanup script has been provided in the cleanup directory of this repository.  Obtain a login token from the OpenShift instance then run the script:

`./turbo-clean.sh <turbonomic namespace>`
